hey everyone Tim here and today I've got
a tutorial for you and we are learning
how to make mummy paracord lanyards
alright so I saw the pictures of these
on a website and you know just through a
little little bit of deductive logic
deductive logic
it's just paracord not rocket surgery
yeah I was able to you know just figure
out how they made them very very easy
and yeah I thought I would share with
you guys how to make these in case you
were interested so let's get to the
tutorial so for the fad mummy you will
need about 4.5 feet or four and a half
feet of gutted 550 paracord and for the
skinny mummy about three feet but that
again depends on the length at which you
want to make the body and this is about
an inch and a half I believe so
but you can play with that so you can
always adjust the length of paracord you
work with if you want a longer body okay
so first things first let's get this
bead thread it onto the paracord so
easiest way I found is by taking one of
the inner threads of your 550 and just
going to double it over like this
and then you're going to feed it through
feed it through the middle of your 550
okay like this right and then we're
going to take these two ends and insert
it through the top of the skull okay
just like that this now we can do that
to drag the rest of core through okay so
from there it's going to use my one I
already made for reference so there we
go so from here to here is about an inch
and a half and here this is of course of
course you can adjust this if you want a
longer loop I think this is also about
in age and a half okay so there we go
we've got it set up now the next step is
very easy the top two chords all you're
going to do is the very famous Cobra
stitch so I'm going to do this I'm going
to make my s like this here this one
under put this one over here and then
now I'm going to tighten it alright so
that's the beginning and to continue
going down this way it's going to do ya
the Cobra stitch which is very well
known so again now we're going to do the
S on the other side and we're going to
pull it through
to cinch it up here's where I usually
like to tighten it get it nice - any
slack out of there just pull on it
alright and then you're just going to
continue your way all the way down just
do it one more time
all the way through all right so we know
you see that we've got the beginnings of
our skinny mummy lanyard and then I'm
just going to continue weaving and I
will show you the part where we start to
make the fat mummy lanyard alright so
now I've got my skinny mummy and if you
are happy with this you can stop right
here cut the excess off and singe it
with a lighter and you're finished
however if you want to keep going and
make the fat mummy very easy all you do
is just turn it around now we're going
to continue weaving down this way so
it's almost like doing the king cobra
stitch where you go over the Cobra
stitch one more time
alright so I see that my loop here is
facing down so I'm going to make the
first S on this side and again same
thing just put the S over and loop it
through and tighten alright so just do
it one more time
sit side
tighten right and we're just going to
keep going all the way up to here and
then again just cut off the excess and
melt it and then you will have when
you're finished you'll have one of these
guys all right
all right so just to show you guys the
finished products we have a close-up
here here is the skinny mummy hello
okay and next the fat mummy there he is
slightly fatter mummy liked this one a
bit more and went a little crazy with
this one here is king mummy so remember
those I had those date wood beads that I
had I wasn't sure what I was going to do
with them
but now I know can make these a larger
lanyards with this guy and this is just
the Cobra King Cobra stitch and I went
over it again up to here just to make
sort of like a looks like he has
shoulders that's pretty cool this one's
a lot larger it's going to go on my keys
I really like it so there we have it one
happy mummy family all right
and so um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you found it useful you
have any questions let me know and also
oh and if you guys you know just don't
have the time to order the beads and get
all the paracord and all that stuff
let me know if you guys want one might
be more than willing to make one and
ship one out to you I mean I'm not going
to charge you guys so much money I mean
the paracord and the beads they're very
very cheap so um you're really just
paying for my time and a bit of shipping
costs but um yeah let me know if you
guys are interested in these mummy
lanyards of course you know if you got
the time and whatever go ahead and make
some yourself
we've super super easy all right so
thanks for watching guys hope you
enjoyed this tutorial
stay tuned for a lot more cool stuff and
that's about it see you guys next time
amen you want to hear a joke mom okay
what's the most important day in in
Egypt hmm no no what is it
mummy's day